# alprael.github.io
1.	Through my career I’ve spent most of my time servicing over 100 people per day in both guest services in a hotel, and as a cashier at a cafeteria for students. I’ve handled, at most, up to $4000, in one day, in cash, checks, and or credit card transactions throughout my career.  My communication was very effective to these customers, as I was very professional and did my best to outline my job. The problem with being too professional is that you sound like a robot. I also have very good personable communication skills, which I used well with friends, co workers and management, and it was that quality that was missed most in my customer service days. Before leaving my last job, my manager told me that my communication skills were great but faltered somewhat with the guests since I just sounded very monotone.
In customer service, resolving customer issues were a big deal
2.	My generation was brought up by computers. Computers have always been a large part of my life and I’ve even custom built my personal computer. Going through school and getting my Hospitality and Tourism degree I was convinced that this path would be that of my dreams. In reality though, I always had this thought in the back of my head that I wanted to work in hardware or software. Went through with my degree anyway, got a job or two, even a volunteering gig, and after a few years, decided that I just didn’t like it. At this point, having used a computer everyday, I finally came up with the idea to get into the development industry. Actually, I spent some time first trying to get another job in sales. The thought process of having to go back to school and learn to become a developer de-motivated me. I didn’t want to do it, and was too lazy to do it. Development was a work type I really wanted to pursue, but I didn’t want to take the time to figure it all out. I wanted to get a job, and teach myself as I lived on.
3.	Why: To help make people’s lives easier
How: Development of software and apps,
What: app and software that is device-device available for everyone.
4.	Hello I’m Alex and I develop software and apps. Living in an age run by technology, I want to be able to help people use some of their tech to live easier lives. I want to do this through the apps and software I development. I can give you some extreme examples over coffee sometime, if you like.

